Update all add-on links (#31)
ankitects/faqs: src/changing-the-font.md

<h2>Anki</h2>

- To change the font you see when reviewing, please see [here](https://docs.ankiweb.net/templates/styling.html).
- To change the font you see when adding or editing, please click the "Fields" button.
- To change the font in rows of cards in the browser, please click the "Cards" button, then "More", and then "Browser Appearance".

> - For buttons, menus and so on, Anki uses your system font settings, so you can alter the size by adjusting the system font scale. If you wish to override the font only in Anki, you can install the [Change Interface Font](https://ankiweb.net/shared/info/1431333984) add-on and then alter the fontHeight line, changing f.pixelSize() to a number like 16.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For buttons, menus and so on, Anki uses your system font settings, so you can alter the size by adjusting the system font scale. If you wish to override the font only in Anki, you can install the [Change Interface Font](https://ankiweb.net/shared/info/1431333984) add-on.
```

<h2>AnkiMobile</h2>

- Any changes you make to your card templates will be reflected when studying in AnkiMobile.

> - You can also tap on "Tools" while reviewing to adjust the font scaling relative to the computer version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can also tap on the blue cog while reviewing to adjust the font scaling relative to the computer version.
```
